plugins: nordic-hid: Add devinfo handling (#5699)
fwupd/fwupd: plugins/nordic-hid/README.md

## GUID Generation

For GUID generation the target board name, bootloader name and generation are used in addition to standard HIDRAW DeviceInstanceId values.
The generation string is an application-specific property that allows to distinguish configurations
that use the same board and bootloader, but are not interoperable.

GUID examples:

* `HIDRAW\VEN_1915&DEV_52DE&BOARD_nrf52840dk&BL_B0&GEN_default` -> b76d19e5-d745-5c0b-b870-b1b6d78e3c63
* `HIDRAW\VEN_1915&DEV_52DE&BOARD_nrf52840dk&BL_MCUBOOT&GEN_office` -> 1728d5e4-e535-57f9-addc-a6c3765f81db

Because handling of the generation parameter was introduced
later, it is not supported by older versions of fwupd.
To ensure compatibility with firmware updates that were released before introducing the support for the generation parameter,

> devices with the "default" generation report an additional GUID that omits the

Reviewer: `default` with backticks please.

## GUID Generation

For GUID generation the standard HIDRAW DeviceInstanceId values are used

> with the addition of the target board name, bootloader name and generation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with the addition to the target board name, bootloader name and generation.
```

The generation string is an application-specific property that allows to distinguish configurations
that use the same board and bootloader, but are not interoperable.

GUID examples:

* `HIDRAW\VEN_1915&DEV_52DE&BOARD_nrf52840dk&BL_B0&GEN_default` -> b76d19e5-d745-5c0b-b870-b1b6d78e3c63
* `HIDRAW\VEN_1915&DEV_52DE&BOARD_nrf52840dk&BL_MCUBOOT&GEN_office` -> 1728d5e4-e535-57f9-addc-a6c3765f81db

> The generation parameter is not supported by older versions of fwupd.
> Handling this parameter was introduced later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because handling of the generation parameter was introduced
later, it is not supported by older versions of fwupd.
```

> For compatibility with firmware updates released before support of the generation parameter
> was intoduced, devices with "default" generation report and additional GUID generated without

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure compatibility with firmware updates that were released before introducing the support for the generation parameter,
devices with the "default" generation report and additional GUID were generated without
```

Author: Should be `...an additional GUID... `. Sorry for my typo

Author: Rephrased

Explicitly set the expected bootloader type: "B0" or "MCUBOOT"
This quirk must be set for devices without support of `bootloader variant` DFU option.

### NordicHidGeneration

Explicitly set the expected generation.

> Only "default" generation can be set by the quirk file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only the "default" generation can be set by the quirk file.
```

> Other value can only be provided by device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other values can only be provided by device.
```

> This quirk must be set for devices without support of `devinfo` DFU option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This quirk must be set for devices without a support of the `devinfo` DFU option.
```
Or, would it be correct to say: (...) for devices that do not support the `devinfo` DFU option. (?) 
If so, this version would be preferable

Author: Should be ok, aligned
